Registry Cache module documentation (#121)
kyma-project/registry-cache: README.md

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache)
[![unit tests](https://badgers.space/github/checks/kyma-project/registry-cache/main/unit-tests)](https://github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yaml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/kyma-project/registry-cache/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/kyma-project/registry-cache?branch=main)
[![golangci lint](https://badgers.space/github/checks/kyma-project/registry-cache/main/golangci-lint)](https://github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache/actions/workflows/lint.yaml)
[![latest release](https://badgers.space/github/release/kyma-project/registry-cache)](https://github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache/releases/latest)

> # Registry Cache Kyma Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Registry Cache Module
```

> This repository contains the source code for the Registry Cache Kyma Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for the Registry Cache module.
```

## Overview

> The Registry Cache Kyma module adds a possibility to enable and configure a caching layer for container image registries used in your BTP managed Kyma Runtimes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Registry Cache module, you can enable and configure a caching layer for container image registries used in your SAP BTP, Kyma runtime instances.  
```

This feature reduces the amount of outbound traffic from your runtimes to public registries, improving performance and reliability of image pulls.  
Additionally, it allows to configure access to private registries by providing credentials that will be used by the caching layer to authenticate against those registries.

> For information how to use registry cache configuration, see the [user documentation](./docs/user/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on using the registry cache configuration, see the [user documentation](./docs/user/README.md).
```

> **Note:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### Note:
```

> > As this feature is implemented as part of Kyma Control Plane it is available only for BTP managed Kyma Runtimes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As this feature is implemented as part of Kyma Control Plane, it is available only for SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.  
```

> > Installing this module in self-managed Kyma Runtime cluster and providing registry cache configuration will have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Installing this module in a self-managed Kyma cluster and providing registry cache configuration will have no effect.
```

## Prerequisites

- A managed Kyma Runtime instance running on BTP platform.

> - Access to Kyma console (Busola) or kubectl with kubeconfig for the Kyma Runtime cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to Kyma dashboard (Busola) or kubectl with kubeconfig for the Kyma runtime cluster.
```

> ## Installation with Busola

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

To enable the Registry Cache module in your Kyma cluster with Busola find the list of "Modules" section in the main navigation panel.    

> Then, click on "Modify Module" button and select "Registry Cache" from the list:

Reviewer: For information on how to add a module to your Kyma cluster, see [Adding and Deleting a Kyma Module](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/enable-and-disable-kyma-module?locale=en-US&version=Cloud&state=PRODUCTION).

Author: Done.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Access to a Kubernetes cluster
- [Go](https://go.dev/)
- [k3d](https://k3d.io/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
- [Kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/)
- [yq](https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq)

### Installation in the k3d Cluster Using Make Targets

> 1. Clone the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the project:
```

Reviewer: Just to be consistent with the punctuation in the other steps.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/registry-cache.git && cd registry-cache/
    ```

2. Create a new k3d cluster:

    ```bash
    k3d cluster create test-cluster
    ```

3. Build the controller image and load it into the k3d cluster:

    ```bash
    make docker-build
    k3d image import registry-cache-test:latest -c test-cluster
    ```

4. Apply the k3d installation manifest:

    ```bash
    make build-k3d-installer
    kubectl create ns kyma-system
    kubectl apply -f dist/k3d-install.yaml
    ```

5. Patch deployment:
```
kubectl patch deployment registry-cache-controller-manager -n kyma-system \
    --type='json' \
    -p='[{"op":"replace","path":"/spec/template/spec/containers/0/imagePullPolicy","value":"Never"}]'
```

### Using Registry Cache Operator

- Create a Registry Cache instance.

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f config/samples/default_registry_cache_cr.yaml
    ```

- Delete a Registry Cache instance.

    ```bash
    kubectl delete -f config/samples/default_registry_cache_cr.yaml
    ```

## Contributing

> For information on implementation details of registry cache module, see the [contributor documentation](./docs/contributor/Readme.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We can add a section with the brief description of what's in each of the `docs` subfolders, but in another section.

<!--- mandatory section - do not change this! --->

> For information how to contribute see the [Contributing Rules](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Contributing Rules](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
